📖 Documentation for go/v2 and go/v3 plugin (#2569)
kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder: docs/book/src/plugins/available-plugins.md

# Available plugins

This section describes the plugins supported and shipped in with the Kubebuilder project.

But any user can create their own plugins :
- [Creating your own plugins](creating-plugins.md). 

> - [Plugins Phase 2](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/1378) - will allow users to use these external options as helpers to perform the scaffolds with the tool.

Reviewer: WDYT about it be a note? Would not render better?

Reviewer 2: I would also like to point to point to to the phase 2 design document we have as that would be more accurate than the details in feature request regarding how we will create and use external plugins. Here's the [link](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/blob/master/designs/extensible-cli-and-scaffolding-plugins-phase-2.md) to the phase 2 external plugins design document.

# Available plugins

This section describes the plugins supported and shipped in with the Kubebuilder project see: 
- [go/v3](go-v3-plugin.md)

> - [go/v2](go-v2-plugin.md)

Reviewer: I think we need to have the plugins as sub-sections.

Note that this section will describe any plugin that is shipped by default via KB. (no only theese ones)

<!-- Plugins are configured to execute one or more subcommands. The main subcommands are:
- Init
- Edit
- Create API

> - Create Webhook -->

Reviewer: A plugin can have 1 or many interfaces implemented. 
However, I think we do not need any of this info here. We are covering them in the Plugins section already.

Reviewer: But I think you are trying to add the content of : https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/blob/master/VERSIONING.md#versioning ( wdyt about a new section versioning only for it? hen, we can add all from this doc add clean up it as well to keep the info centralized in a place?

Author: Sorry for the late response. So should I create a new subsection under plugins section with the name plugins versioning?

Reviewer: I think that would be great 👍

Author: Okay

# Available Plugins
# Available plugins

This section details how to use the currently available plugins in Kubebuilder. 
This section describes the plugins supported and shipped in with the Kubebuilder project.

>   - [Declarative V1](declarative-v1.md)

Reviewer: You are removing things from the master branch that you should not
You probably missed it up with the rebase 
You can compare your local branch with master and ensure that you have only what is required to have

> But any user can create their own plugins see:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<h1>But you can create your own plugins, see:</h1>
```

# Available plugins

This section describes the plugins supported and shipped in with the Kubebuilder project.

<aside class="note">

> <h1>But you can create your own plugins, see:</h1>

Reviewer: Hun, the page speaks about available plugins. then, could we not consider this content a note, or observation? Because of this in POV it shows fit better in the <aside>

- [Creating your own plugins][create-plugins]. 

> - [Plugins Phase 2][plugins-phase-2] - will allow users to use these external options as helpers to perform the scaffolds with the tool.

Reviewer: same ^

> - [Plugins Phase 2][plugins-phase-2] - will allow users to use these external options as helpers to perform the scaffolds with the tool.

Author: So the two items should be placed outside the aside section?

</aside>

> 

Reviewer 3: missing a link to the v3

> [create-plugins]: creating-plugins.md

Reviewer 3: this line should probably be inside of the `aside`?

Reviewer: Nops, the link alias should be at the bottom of the docs pages to make it easier we keep the maintained. 
That is the standard.

> [plugins-phase-2]: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/blob/master/designs/extensible-cli-and-scaffolding-plugins-phase-2.md

Reviewer 3: this line should probably be inside of the `aside`?

Reviewer: same ^
